---
layout: post
title: "Contact"
description: "About us"
about: false
category: misc
tags: []
---

<a name="purpose"></a>

<table border="0" style="border-color: white">
 <tr>
    <td style="font-size:33px; background-color: white; border-color: white;">Where to find us</td>
    <td style="font-size:33px; background-color: white; border-color: white;"></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
    <td style="border-color: white;"><br/>Texas A&M University<br/>
        Department of Biology<br/>
        3258 TAMU<br/>
        College Station, TX<br/>
        77843<br/><br/>

        <ul>
            <li>Lab: BSBE 116, BSBW 437</li>
            <li>Office: BSBE 118B</li>
            <li>Phone: (979) 458-3461</li>
            <li>Email: jjones<span style="display:none">obfuscate</span>@bio.tamu.edu</li>
        </ul>
    </td>

    <td style="border-color: white;">
        <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3434.2322825711954!2d-96.341891522931!3d30.615813191271265!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x864683975af6a6ab%3A0xd95f8fe9d6da8201!2sBiological%20Sciences%20Bldg%20East%2C%20424%20Nagle%20St%2C%20College%20Station%2C%20TX%2077840!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1725478416662!5m2!1sen!2sus" 
        width="500" height="300" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>
    </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<a name="join"></a>
# Interested in joining the lab?
We encourage curious and motivated current and future scientists at all levels to apply. Please contact Jeff for more information.

**Graduate students**<br/>
Future graduate students can join the lab through one of several degree pathways, such as those offered by the [Biology Department](http://bio.tamu.edu) or the [Texas A&M Institute of Neuroscience](http://tamin.tamu.edu).

**Postdocs**<br/>
Applicants must have (or will have by the time they start) a Ph.D. in neuroscience, biology, or a related field and a strong research background including first-author publication(s) or preprint(s). We are especially interested in applicants with expertise in systems neuroscience, circadian biology, and/or programming.

If you are interested in joining our lab, please send Jeff a 1-2 page cover letter detailing your research experience, career goals, and how training in the Jones Lab would help you achieve those goals, a CV, and the contact information for up to three references.

**Undergraduates**<br/>
Undergraduate students in their sophomore or junior years interested in joining the lab should have a background in biology, neuroscience, psychology, and/or computer science. Students are expected to commit to working at least 10 hours per week in lab (including evenings and weekends as needed) for at least one year. Freshmen and seniors may be accepted into the lab on a case-by-case basis. Students can receive course credit for working in our lab by enrolling in [BIOL 291](https://www.bio.tamu.edu/undergraduate-research/) or [BIOL 491](https://www.bio.tamu.edu/undergraduate-research/).

Please send Jeff a CV and a ≤1 page cover letter detailing your research experience and/or interests, what you hope to gain from working in the lab, and your availability during the semester.

**Research assistants**<br/>
Applicants must have (or will have by the time they start) a bachelor's degree in neuroscience, biology, or a related field. Previous research experience in a neuroscience or biology lab is required. Previous experience with systems neuroscience techniques in rodents (virus injection, stereotaxic surgery, etc.), circadian biology (theory, analysis, etc.), and/or animal husbandry (colony maintenance, genotyping, etc.) is strongly preferred but not required. If you are interested in joining the lab, please send Jeff a cover letter, a CV, and the contact information for up to three references.

<a name="contact"></a>

# Credits
This site was modified from [Jared Bard's lab website](http://bardlab.org/about.html), which was in turn based on [Trevor Bedford's lab website](http://bedford.io).